[MUSIC]
Hello, and welcome back.
Now, as you'd, expect if you're checking
if
something is equal to something using the
statement, there's also the opposite that
which is
the else statement, so if something is not
true.
Then there's something else which you can
run.
So, if we're just going to set up a simple
page so a, b is equals to 0, 1.
If a is equal to b [SOUND] then we're
going to run print, print true.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
Now, what you do for else, is you just
simply type in the word else with a colon.
And then we do print false.
Now, an else statement is very simple, and
that is all that there is to it.
And again, it creates a code block because
of the colon, so you can have as
many lines as you want in here as
long [UNKNOWN] it is indented by the same
amount.
So, that's all there is to an if else
statement.
That is, an if and else statement.
So if you're confused by an if statement,
just go back and
look at the previous video, and if you
think of constantly of it
in your head, as being if something
doesn't happen, then something else
must happen, that is the way we think of
an if else statement.
So, thank you for watching this video and
I will see you in the next video.
[MUSIC]